target is a mobile satellite launch
platform the Romanian star he was
sending up their last payload when
Pirates took him 93 minutes ago
how many pirates 25 top mercs led by
this guy George Batroc
this guy's got a rep for maximum
casualties all right I'm gonna sweep the
deck and find bad truck now you kill the
engines and wait for instructions
rumlow you sweep aft find the hostages
get into the life pods get him out no
strike you are the cat gear rock
secure Channel seven seven secure did
you do anything fun Saturday night well
all the guys from my barbershop quartet
are dead so no not really
coming up on the drop zone captain you
know yes Kristen out from Statistics
she'd probably say yes that's why I
don't ask
too shy or too scared too busy
see where to parachute
I wasn't
spot whose pop thanks yeah it seemed
pretty helpless without me
what about the nurse that lives across
the hall from you she seems kind of nice
secure the engine room then find me a
date I'm multitasking
Janee the epical see / - she'll do pay
come on so long way to go
I shall embark on a Belles over Rico
Sahaj naked I'll also have even wait for
Natasha what's your status
and you're unsecured
on my mark three do what society's at a
tipping point between order and chaos
captain are you ready
a long time I just wanted to do what was
right
I question what that means anymore
the world has changed none of us can go
back
all we can do is our best
people are gonna die
I can't let that happen
you